docs: knowledge base on installing the previous version of a keyman keyboard (#2531)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0121.md

# HOWTO: Download the previous version of a Keyman keyboard

> The challenge with using an older version of the keyboard is that the Keyman for Android will be prompted to update to the new version every now and then.

Reviewer: This paragraph belongs further down in the document under a 'Challenges' section along with how to turn off automatic updates. Note that Windows, iOS, and Android all have automatic keyboard updates, and we plan to support that on macOS and Linux as well.

The first paragraph should be an explanation of why you might want an older version of a keyboard, and also include reasons to use the latest version.

It would be good also to note that if the reader has encountered a problem with the latest version of a keyboard, it helps everyone if they report it to community.

## Method 1

**Every version of the published Keyman keyboards are available in downloads.keyman.com.**

1) Go to [downloads.keyman.com/keyboards/](https://downloads.keyman.com/keyboards/)

2) Locate the keyboard folder, e.g. khmer_angkor -> version number

3) There should be a KMP file in every version folder of the keyboard

> 4) Download the KMP file (read [KMP file](../developer/current-version/reference/file-types/kmp))

Reviewer: I think we should avoid references to the Developer documentation here -- it may confuse end users (Developer docs intended for keyboard authors)

# HOWTO: Download the previous version of a Keyman keyboard

Downloading a previous version of a keyboard is useful when you need to type the familiar keyboard layout. Newer versions often include more characters, improved layouts and key rules, bug fixes, new technology, and other updates that will provide an overall better typing experience.

If there is an issue related to the latest version of the keyboard, remember to write it up to our [community site](https://community.software.sil.org/c/keyman/19).

## Challenge

> The challenge with using an older version of the keyboard is that Keyman will be prompted to update to the new version every now and then. Only some Keyman platforms has a feature to disable the automatic updates, please refer to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The challenge with using an older version of the keyboard is that Keyman will be prompted to update to the new version every now and then. Keyman on iOS and Android will automatically update any installed keyboards; Keyman on Linux and macOS do not currently automatically update keyboards. Keyman on Windows allows you to disable automatic updates, please refer to:
```

> * [Keyman for Windows](../products/windows/current-version/basic/update)

Author: @mcdurdin, I'm not sure if only Keyman for Windows has this feature. I look elsewhere for iOS and Android, but do not see an option to turn off automatic updates.

Reviewer: Windows: Options / General / "Automatically check for updates and download"

iOS and Android: no way to disable this presently -- any installed keyboards will be updated

macOS, Linux: automatic keyboard updates not yet supported (keymanapp/keyman#952, keymanapp/keyman#5813).
